---
title: Site Launch
date: 02-08-2025 17:53:47
---
Welcome to [mah site](https://brahancock.github.io)!
You are reading this website's very first post you absolute dog!





## First off

My intention for this site is to document, catalogue, and archive work.
Work? Work to me is everything that I do. 
That may sound like a negative outlook, but for me it is a positive thing. I think.
Everything that I do, every piece of work opens new doors. New doors lead to different rooms,
and in different rooms lies change. Everything else lies within change.





#### Well what does that mean Braden?

Well. What it means is I need something to work on that is large and important to me but,
it has to be broken down into smaller steps.
The less the amount of work is between each step, the easier I find it is for me to commit myself to the goal.
I'm not sure if it is anxiety, or some sort of subconscious mechanism of my mind, but it works for me.
Not all of the time, but the times I don't get stuck in the planning phase. Some people call it "procrastination".
I call it over-planning. For me that is. lol





### Planning

I look at it like this. There are things I want to do, and things I don't want to do.
There are things I can do. There are things I cannot do.

I think about the things in life I want to do. These are the goals. The end point I have set in the GPS so to speak.
I can't get to these goals fast because they are grandiose. They are far away, and the journey-to is complex.
These are dreams, the ultimate vision I believe in for my destiny.

I know I need to break the journey towards reaching goals down, into comprehensible bite-sized steps.
These steps should be things that when put together, would support the goal.

Here is an example:
{% codeblock %}
You are at home, and need to go meet someone.
(this represents your state of being right now)

You enter in the location of the person to your map app on your phone.
(this represents your goals)

You then hit Go on your map to get directions, and it makes you a route.
(this is the planning process)

Each turn, each stop sign is a small step in the route.
(small steps, create trails)
{% endcodeblock %}

#### Now that I have mansplained what planning is to you,
This site should be a live manifestation of  [ The Start, The Journey, The Destination ]  as it evolves.
I plan to document works that of I, and anyone with works relating to the journey.
This site god-willing, will hopefully provide content related to all different measures of work.

#### I want to show the entirety of the journey.
Not just through the lens of "this is bad, this is good", but "this is this, and that is that". 
Not "this is how you do it, this isn't how you do it", but "this is how you do it, this is how I do it".
Not "Left vs Right", but "Left-Center vs Center-Right".

#### This site will become a tool, and platform
This site is to provide a digital catalogue of work, work being done in different formats.
Such as, video and writing, planning, design, development, and further expansion or reuse of works.
Everything you see and read on this site is open-source.
What does open-source mean? Open-source means if you see something you like, or of value to you us it.
All content and information are free to use without legal reprecussion.